Add secret_key configuration (#1)
JAR33/hcaptcha-fastly-compute: README.md

Add the following items:

| Key                           | Sample value                               | Required |
|-------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|----------|
|protected_paths                |/t?st, /login, /auth/*                      | Yes      |
|sitekey                        |20000000-ffff-ffff-ffff-000000000002        | Yes      |
|secret_key                     |0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000  | Yes      |
|method                         |POST                                        | No       |
|shared_secret                  |TheSecret                                   | Yes      |
|keep_hcaptcha_response_header  |0                                           | No       |

`protected_paths`: is a comma separated list of patterns for protected paths

`sitekey` and `secret_key` should be taken from https://www.hcaptcha.com/

> `shared_secret` is an shared security key string that is sent to the backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`shared_secret` is a shared security key string that is sent to the backend. You can check this in your backend code to validate that the request was in fact processed at the edge.
```

> `shared_secret` is a shared security key string that is sent to the backend. You can check this in your backend code to validate that the request was in fact processed at the edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`shared_secret` (optional) is a shared security key sent to the backend via the `X-hCaptcha-Edge-Secret` header. You can check this in your backend code to validate that the request was in fact processed at the edge.
```

> `keep_hcaptcha_response_header` (default: 0) - if set to 1 then forward X-hCaptcha-Response to the Origin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`keep_hcaptcha_response_header` (default: 0) - if set to 1 then forward X-hCaptcha-Response to the Origin. In general you can leave this off, as the response is a single-use token that has already been consumed by the edge.
```
